Subject: Apology and Clarification Regarding Early Departure for Diwali
From: Nikhil Patil <nikhilspatil128@gmail.com>
To: Gunjan Sharma <gunjan.sharma@bridgelabz.com>
Cc: farzana.shaikh@bridgelabz.com, neelesh.rawat@bridgelabz.com,rutuja.kelkar@bridgelabz.com

Dear Sir,

I want to sincerely apologize for any inconvenience caused by my early departure for Diwali.
I understand that my request for leave was not accepted, but due to prior arrangements and the unavailability of 
travel options after Sunday, I needed to proceed as planned.

I assure you this will not happen again, and  I am fully committed to my responsibilities and will ensure all
my tasks are completed on schedule. I will be present in the lab on Monday as scheduled.I am truly sorry, Sir. 

Thank you for your understanding.

Sincerely,
Nikhil Patil
---------------END OF EMAIL---------------


Subject: Performance Feedback for Nikhil Patil
From: Gunjan Sharma <gunjan.sharma@bridgelabz.com>
To: Nikhil Patil <nikhilspatil128@gmail.com>
Cc: gunjan.sharma@bridgelabz.com, farzana.shaikh@bridgelabz.com, neelesh.rawat@bridgelabz.com


Dear Nikhil Patil,

Bridgelabz: Your performance for Week # Wk8 are as follows:

Performance Status: Need Less Help, TRACK Score : 4.10

Average Values so far are:

Technical Ability: 1.40, Learnability: 1.68, Communicability: 0.89

Remark:This week, Nikhil worked on Spark fundamentals and implementation, 
including Spark sessions, context, and the RDD API. He implemented word 
count and began addressing real-world use cases, including the address book 
problem.

Technical Feedback:
His understanding of Spark’s core components such as RDDs, transformations, 
and parallel data processing is well-developed. His implementation in 
PySpark shows a good grasp of the framework.

Soft Skills:
Nikhil remains attentive and diligent, with fine problem-solving skills. 
His communication has improved over the weeks still can work a more on it.

Review Date:
14-10-2024
---------------END OF EMAIL---------------


Subject: Request for Leave and Work from Home Due to Illness
From: Nikhil Patil <nikhilspatil128@gmail.com>
To: Gunjan Sharma <gunjan.sharma@bridgelabz.com>
Cc: rutuja.kelkar@bridgelabz.com, farzana.shaikh@bridgelabz.com, neelesh.rawat@bridgelabz.com

Hello Sir,
I hope this email finds you well. I am writing to formally request leave on the 5th, 7th, and 8th of October, as I have been diagnosed with Malaria. Additionally, I would like to request permission to work from home on the 9th and 10th of October, while I recover.
Please find the attached medical report for your reference.
Thank you for your understanding and support.

Best regards,
Nikhil Patil
---------------END OF EMAIL---------------


Subject: Paramatrix - Selection Confirmation
From: Priti Salunkhe <priti.salunkhe@paramatrix.com>
To:	nikhilspatil128@gmail.com
Cc:	hr.managers@paramatrix.com, hr@paramatrix.com

Dear Nikhil,

Greetings from Paramatrix Technologies!
We are happy to confirm your selection and further employment under our GT Programme. Congratulations!

Below are few details pertaining to your selection and subsequent process,

Designation: - Trainee Software Engineer

Compensation: - Rupees 3,60,000/-P.A. (Rupees Three Lakhs Sixty Thousand Only)

Date of joining – 2nd Jan 2025

Mode of working – Work from Office (Sanpada, Navi Mumbai)

Offer formalization process is as follows:

1.       Email Acceptance: You are requested to acknowledge and accept this email by sending us an acceptance note.

2.       Employment Bond Agreement: We kindly request you to visit our office for the Employment Bond Agreement process.

3.       Venue: Paramatrix Technologies Ltd.
E-102, 1st Floor, Sanpada Railway Station Complex (Highway Side)
Sanpada, Navi Mumbai - 400705

 
4.       Documents to submit along with Offer acceptance email:

            a.       Passport size photographs(Red Background must)

            b.       Mark sheets of SSC, HSC, Graduation

            c.        Residence proof(Passport/rent agreement/driving licence/Aadhaar Card)

            d.       PAN card coloured scan copy

            e.       Aadhaar Card coloured scan copy

5.       Upon receipt of notarized original Employment Bond Agreement and copies of above documents (self-attested), the formal offer letter will be issued to you.

      P.N.

1.       This is not a formal offer communication and subject to any changes by the concerned authorities of the company

2.       Your selection will be confirmed upon the receipt of the original Employment Bond Agreement

3.       Validity of this communication is until  7th  November 2024

4.       If we do not receive any confirmation by this date, this selection confirmation will be withdrawn

Please feel free to contact us via email hr.managers@paramatrix.com, should you have any questions.

We look forward to welcome you in our team.

Thanks & Regards,
Priti Salunkhe
Executive -  Human Resources, Paramatrix Technologies Ltd.
Phone : +91 2241518732|Web : www.paramatrix.com
---------------END OF EMAIL---------------


Subject: Auxilo Education Loan - EMI Reminder
From: Auxilo <webmaster@auxiloeducation.in>
To:	nikhilspatil128@gmail.com

Dear Customer,

Greetings from Auxilo!  

We would like to bring to your notice that your current repayment type will change to full EMI from Jan-25. Your EMI repayment of Auxilo loan application number 399919001268 is INR 7183/- and will fall due from 10-01-2025 onwards.

We request you to please ensure sufficient funds towards clearance and avoid any delayed payment.

Kindly ignore if paid.

Regards,
Team Auxilo
---------------END OF EMAIL---------------

